Add note to Organizational Settings section regarding inbound MFA claim (#95233)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/cross-tenant-access-overview.md

- For B2B collaboration with other Azure AD organizations, use cross-tenant access settings to manage inbound and outbound B2B collaboration and scope access to specific users, groups, and applications. You can set a default configuration that applies to all external organizations, and then create individual, organization-specific settings as needed. Using cross-tenant access settings, you can also trust multi-factor (MFA) and device claims (compliant claims and hybrid Azure AD joined claims) from other Azure AD organizations.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!TIP]
```

> > When you configure to trust inbound multi-factor (MFA) claim, in case you have an MFA registration policy enforced for all users (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/identity-protection/howto-identity-protection-configure-mfa-policy), you should exclude the external users to avoid access restrictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >If you intend to trust inbound MFA for external users, make sure you don't have an [Identity Protection policy](../identity-protection/howto-identity-protection-configure-mfa-policy) in place that requires external users to register for MFA. When both of these policies are present, external users won’t be able to satisfy the requirements for access. If you want to enforce the Identity Protection MFA registration policy, be sure to exclude external users.
```
